The museum is very big, so be careful you don't get lost.
Take one of these little books with information about where everything is.
If you want to leave your coats and bags, there's a special room on the ground floor next
to the ticket office.
There are toilets on each floor, at the bottom of the stairs.
Next on this floor, there are things on show from the natural world, about different
countries and geography.
Then upstairs, you will see things like old rocks, as well as dishes and bowls from long
ago.
They all come from the ancient world.
After that, we'll go upstairs again to the second floor, to see the wonders of the
modern world.
There's also an exhibition of modern technology.
Finally, on the top floor, there is a restaurant, so you can relax and have a meal or a drink.